It's very nice that on the admin page there's an option called "Discover Products." This option is for searching for products. When searching for products, there's an option called "Preview." This preview option has six detailed pages, and it's completely accurate, pulling all the correct information from the supplier. Anyway, when the products are found, we click on the "Add Products to Store" option, and then the products go to the review list. After going to the review list, they go through four stages: pending, approved, and imported. When they reach the "Import" option, they're in the store. But the problem is, no product information is being retrieved at all, and they aren't arranged correctly at all. The price is default, the size isn't being added, and all the product information on page three isn't being retrieved. Similarly, no size information of any kind is being retrieved, whether for cars, shoes, clothes, etc. The rating isn't being retrieved, and nothing is being retrieved from the rating. The color, which, if you click on it, indicates the color you'll buy, isn't being retrieved. Colors are added, but everything is default, and I don't want anything default. I want all the information to be accurate. I'll send you pictures. 100% real and 100% linked to the store. Everything is real, nothing virtual. I want the decor and everything else to be like this, of course, with the product's real information. I want everything to be organized and designed like the picture in the option I sent you called the size guide. This is my size guide on the preview page, page three. The size guide should be like this, and of course, page three of the preview will be in this option. Great, and I'll send you some pictures for you to review. I also want it so that when someone enters a product, it appears like the pictures I sent you. Of course, everything is real and realistic. I want everything to be professional and extremely intelligent, free from anything experimental or virtual. Anything that needs simulation must be 100% accurate. For example, if a customer enters and clicks on a women's shoe, the recommendations should be women's shoes similar to the one they clicked on. The idea is for everything to be intelligent. If a customer enters and clicks on a jacket from For a specific category or a particular type, or as you understand me, the recommendations should be a match. I won't say 100% because there might be products that don't match perfectly, but they should be highly similar to the product the customer selected or clicked on. Do you understand? Of course, this will show an excellent number of recommendations. You apply this to everything in the categories I sent you. I hope I've explained it completely.